OVERVIEW:
twenty-one is a web app built in react and typescript.
it allows the user to arrange four single-digit numbers and three mathematical operators.
the goal is to create an equation that evaluates to a number as close as possible to TWENTY or ONE.

OVERALL DISPLAY:
NOTE - all of the display is mobile and desktop compatible
"twenty one" text logo at top-left, left-aligned
MM/DD/YYYY date and statistics icon below text logo, left-aligned
Help button at top-right
pause/play icon and MM:SS timer below help button
click pause to pause the timer and hide the game
click play to resume the timer and show the game
TwentyOneDisplay.tsx: one row, the numbers 20 and 1 in the middle
Equation.tsx: 7 rounded squares in the middle
Operators.tsx, Numbers.tsx:
two rows of squares at the bottom. first row has three mathematical operators:
one math operator is ALWAYS plus or minus (random)
one math operator is always multiply or divide (random)
one math operator may be any of PLUS MINUS MULTIPLY DIVIDE
second rows has four numbers between 1 and 9.
the numbers are chosen randomly. no number may appear more than twice
equations are evaluated with PEMDAS order of operations left to right
At the bottom: "Twenty-One is brought to you by @strangestloop"
Below that: twitter icon, buy me a coffee icon, mail icon
If the user has already submitted for today, show: Can't wait to play again tomorrow,
Share my score button, and the best equation and what it evaluates to

USER ACTIONS BEFORE SUBMITTING ANSWER:
numbers can only be placed in equation spots 1, 3, 5, 7
operators can only be placed in equation spots 2, 4, 6
click a number or operator at the top for it to disappear from the bottom section...
...and appear in the first available spot in the middle section
click a number or operator in the middle for it to disappear from the bottom section...
...and appear in the first available spot in the bottom section
when all 7 numbers/operators have been placed, 1 or 20 in the middle will have a green glow to it...
...depending on whether the equation evaluates to a number closer to 1 or 20
if it evaluates to 10.5 then both numbers glow green
Submit button is visible in the lower middle only whenever an equation with all 7 things is made

DISPLAY ON ANSWER SUBMIT:
A popup(?) appears displaying the equation at the top
Below that, the following fades in after 0.5 seconds: "= X", where X is the evaluated equation, to 1 or 2 or 3...
...decimal points if needed
DISTANCE is defined as the absolute distance from 1 or 20, whichever is smaller.
So for example, 1.2 has distance of 0.2, 25 has a distance of 5, 10.9 has a distance of 9.1, etc.
Below the "= X", after one second, the following fades in: "YYY best equation!", where YYY is 2nd, 3rd...
...4th etc. which is the distance ranking for the equation out of all (24*6) possible equations with the given...
...numbers and operators
If the user has the best equation, then that text shows "Best equation!!!"
Below that, "Share my score" button which copies the following text to the clipboard:
Twenty-One #N
I found the YYY best equation in XXm XXs
https://strangestloop.io/twenty-one

ON HELP BUTTON CLICK, display modal with:
How to play Twenty-One
Use all of the numbers and mathematical operators provide to create an equation that evaluates as closely
as possible to 20 or 1, the closer the better
Click or drag the numbers and operators to make an equations. When you have an equation you want to submit,
click the "Submit" button. Find the best equation as fast as you can!
"Got it!" button

ON STATS ICON CLICK, display modal with:
Your Twenty-One stats
Total games played: N games
Current streak: N days
Longest streak: N days
Top times: (two column chart with Date, Solve time)
"Cool 😎" button that closes the modal
